What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

		A git folder named .git is made for the registration of history of commit's
		and file changes. This is needed to initialize a git system.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

		Repository contains files and history of commits, working directory
		contains files, and the staging area contains files (shows status of files)
		that are ready to be committed.
		The value that staging area provides - it shows files that are ready
		to be committed - this is a final check before commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

		It is possible to compare changes in files between working directory and
		staging area using git diff, and between files in staging area and in
		repository using git diff --staged. This allows checking of the exact
		changes between files, and then decision can be made whether it meets
		one logical change condition to be committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

		When need to make some experimental or other versions of the program, when
		need to share and discuss the code and you want to do it outside the master
		branch etc. By using branches you maintain master version valid without
		a mix of other kind of (let's say minor) versions. With the help of branches
		history will be well organized and clearly visible what trials or versions
		has been done to the code outside the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

		Diagrams makes it easier to understand parent commits and branches, places
		where branches were created, how they continue their structure (merging
		to master branch or certain branch becomes as master one).

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

		Now the game has new feature - collection of coins (yellow) and
		automatically updated score. This feature was developed in the new coins
		branch, tested how it works, developed with other people.
		Diagram clearly shows where new branch was started, what are the commits
		and merging point. Diagram makes easy to find and compare e.g. latest
		commits before new branch and latest before merge of branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

		-pros: saves allot of time and is a big help for developer
		-cons: can merge wrong parts and make bad outcome, still needs checking. 
